11-29-22 Meeting Notes:
4th team meeting with TA.

  1. Progress made since the last week, including which members did what tasks:
      Avery - completed submit and show reviews pages, including a top 5 reviews portion. 
      Created the Project report and Project Presentation, significant progress made on both.
      Madison - completed the wishlist page.
      Mallory - completed the search books page.
      Nate - completed the submit book preferences page.
      John - completed the find recommended users page.
      Lucca - completed the user matches page.

  2. Plans for the rest of this week:
      Our main priority is continuing to develop the backend API calls
      All: Complete individual parts on the Project Report. For testing, specifically
      Mallory +  Avery: Complete the log in user test case in the project report.
      Nate: Complete a user test case in the project report.
      John + Lucca: Complete a user test case in the project report.    
      Madison: Complete a user test case in the project report.
      
      

  3. Any potential blockers or dependencies preventing us from making progress:
 	Any unfinished code for each individual is considered late by our teams timeline and prevents us from completing the video demo, slide deck, and report.

1. Decisions made:
N/A  


Notes from TA:
- Make sure you rate tools in the slide deck
- Architecture diagram is not ERD or use case, its a diagram of flow of data from client side to server side / front end back end.
- Add a slide called futured enhancements, for things you would do if you had more time!
- Each team member should read the announcement on Canvas
- Email slide deck to TA for feedback
- Every person must present during the presentation, but demo video can be just one person talking
- Divide the time for the presentation
- Make sure you demo everything during the presentation

2. Alternative actions/options discussed:
	N/A
  
3. Follow-up items, including agreed-on roles and responsibilities:
    All: Finish testing of individual contributions and report by Friday.
    Implement CSS for better UI
