11-8-22 Meeting Minutes:

2nd team meeting with TA.

  1. Progress made since the last week, including which members did what tasks:
      Avery - added confirm password logic to Register page. 
            - Created meeting notes/release notes, login/logout ejs files, use case diagram, and Epic field to project board.
      Madison - Added user stories to project board, assigned team members to user stories, and added relevant ejs files.
      Mallory - Created detailed wireframe diagram, created project board, researched APIs.
      Nate - Added .env file, created views and partials structure. Also added docker-compose.yaml, index.js, and init_table.sql.
      John - Created Github repository file structure, added the final testing document to Github.
      Lucca - Worked on UI for user matches.
      All: Created feature branches, created Test Cases (Lab 11)
  
  2. Plans for the next week:
  
      Our main priority is debugging the issues with the API key.
      All: figure out API issues.
      Madison - work on wishlist pages.
      Mallory - work on search books pages.
      Avery - work on submit/read reviews page, finalize pushing login/logout/register to main. Continue to update meeting and release notes.
      Nate - work on submit book preferences pages.
      John - work on find recommended users page.
      Lucca - work on find user matches page.
      All - work on integrating backend with frontend progress.

  3. Any potential blockers or dependencies preventing us from making progress:
      Currently our biggest blocker is issues with the GoogleBooks API.
 

1. Decisions made:
    N/A, but the team will be considering the book dataset suggestion.

  
2. Alternative actions/options discussed:
  A link to a book dataset as an alternative to using GoogleBooks database was provided https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/saurabhbagchi/books-dataset.
  https://stackoverflow.com/questions/2987433/how-to-import-csv-file-data-into-a-postgresql-table

  
3. Follow-up items, including agreed-on roles and responsibilities:
    All: figure out API issues.
    Show functionality working with backend by next week.
    Update the working code in the main repository before the next meeting, but do testing on separate branches.
    No hard coding information, write dynamic modular code.
    
    Madison - work on wishlist pages.
    Mallory - work on search books pages.
    Avery - work on submit/read reviews page, and login/logout/register. Continue to update meeting and release notes.
    Nate - work on submit book preferences pages.
    John - work on find recommended users page.
    Lucca - work on find user matches page.
